= ChiliProject Time Tracker plugin

Time tracker is a ChiliProject plugin to ease time tracking when working on an issue.
The plugin allows to start/suspend/resume/stop a timer on a per user basis.

This is a fork of the official {Redmine Time Tracker plugin}[https://github.com/delaitre/redmine_time_tracker] from {delaitre}[https://github.com/delaitre].

== Features

* Current spent time always visible
* Timer automatic updated without reload
* Per user time tracking
* Using known 'log time' dialog

== Getting the plugin

The newest version is always at {GitHub}[https://github.com/magiclabs/chiliproject_time_tracker].

== Install

1. Follow the ChiliProject plugin installation steps at: https://www.chiliproject.org/projects/chiliproject/wiki/Plugin_Install Make sure the plugin is installed to <tt>vendor/plugins/chiliproject_time_tracker</tt>
2. Setup the database using the migrations. <tt>rake db:migrate:plugins RAILS_ENV=production</tt>
3. Login to your ChiliProject install as an Administrator
4. Setup the 'log time' permissions for your roles
5. Add "Time tracking" to the enabled modules for your project
6. The link to the plugin should appear in the 'account' menu bar

<b>Note:</b> if you don't see any stop/pause buttons after starting a time tracker, you will need
to copy <tt>chiliproject_time_tracker/assets/*</tt> to <tt><chiliproject_root>/plugin_assets/chiliproject_time_tracker/</tt>
or to make a symbolic link <tt><chiliproject_root>/plugin_assets/chiliproject_time_tracker</tt> pointing to <tt>chiliproject_time_tracker/assets</tt>

== Usage

To be able to use a time tracker, a user must have the 'log time' permission.
Then, the current time tracker information are displayed in the top right menu, next to the user
info.

These information are context dependant:
- If the user does not have a running time tracker yet, a message telling so will be displayed.
- If the user does not have a running time tracker yet but he is displaying an issue, then the
  'start' action will be displayed.
- If the user has a running time tracker, the current spent time is displayed (and refreshed
  periodically) next to the tracked issue number. The 'pause' or the 'resume' action will be
  displayed as well as the 'stop' one too. Stopping the time tracker will redirect the user to the
  standard time logging page with the 'hours' field filled with the time tracker value. This way, we
  rely on existing and well known behaviours.

To be noted that these actions are available in the issues list context menu too (right click in the
issues list).

A 'list' action is displayed in the menu too. This action will redirect the user to a page listing
his time tracker and other user's ones if the 'view others time trackers' right is set.
From this list, the user can 'delete' his time tracker (or the other user's ones if the 'delete
others time trackers' permission is set).

The plugin settings page allows to define the spent time refresh rate and the status transition to
apply when a time tracker is started.
For example, if a transition 'New' -> 'In progress' is added, starting a time tracker on an issue having
the 'New' status will automatically change it to 'In progress'.

== Upgrade

=== Official release

1. Download the last official release from the {ChiliProject plugin directory}[http://www.chiliproject.org/plugins/chiliproject_time_tracker]
2. Replace your old ChiliProject's <tt>vendor/plugins/chiliproject_time_tracker</tt> folder with the one contained in the downloaded package
3. Update the database using the migrations. <tt>rake db:migrate:plugins RAILS_ENV=production</tt>
4. Restart your ChiliProject

<b>Note:</b> if you have done a copy of the plugin assets into <tt><chiliproject_root>/plugin_assets/chiliproject_time_tracker</tt>
as explained in the _Install_ paragraph above, you will need to update these too.

=== Git

1. Open a shell to your ChiliProject's <tt>vendor/plugins/chiliproject_time_tracker</tt> folder
2. Update your git copy with <tt>git pull</tt>
3. Update the database using the migrations. <tt>rake db:migrate_plugins RAILS_ENV=production</tt>
4. Restart your ChiliProject
